In 1990s, a single chip computer system appeared in the hardware field. This low cost system immediately caught the attention of the automatic control field, because it could greatly enhance the intelligentization of consumer electronics (such as TV set-top boxes, bread roasters, mobile phones, etc.).Sun in order to preempt. In the market, a project team, called green, was set up in 1991. Patrick, James Gosling, Mike Sheridan and several other engineers worked on a small studio in Menlo Park, California, to develop new technologies and specialize in computers in home appliances. Embedded applications. Because of the advantages of C, researchers in the project group first consider using C to write programs. But for a monolithic system with extremely poor hardware resources, the C program is too complex and huge. In addition, because of the variety of embedded processor chips used in consumer electronics, how to make the program written. In order to solve the difficulties, in order to solve the difficulties, they first focused on the development of language, and assumed a hardware platform architecture which was simple in structure and in line with the needs of embedded applications. With the success of language development, a semiconductor chip manufacturer can develop and produce this hardware platform after the development of the language. For the design of the new language, the sun R & D personnel have not developed a new language, but reformed the C according to the requirements of the embedded software and removed some of the less practical C. And the components that affect the security, and combine the real-time requirements of the embedded system, develop an object-oriented language called oak. Because of the development of the oak language, there is no hardware platform to run bytecode, so in order to develop this language for experimental research, they are on the existing hardware and software platform base. At the same time, a running platform is built with software in accordance with the specification of your own. The whole system has no big difference in the summer of.1992 in addition to C, and when the oak language is developed successfully, the researchers have demonstrated the green operating system to the hardware manufacturer, the programming language of oak, the class library and its hardware. It persuaded them to use the oak language to produce hardware chips, but the hardware producers didn't get great enthusiasm because they believed that the risk of producing hardware products was too risky when everyone knew nothing about the oak language, so the oak language was also unable to enter the market because of the lack of hardware support. Shelved. 